Today we have a car audi q7
engine capacity 4 2 diesel
You do not have Andrew currently is
a record
block master
we have a car in 8 etc. he has two
engine control unit now we
write the leading unit so-called
master
blog master we recorded now goes
sligo record is a slave block
control driven so-called
come on now with places
becoming
so so general
80 to 200
load change tests
in the 80s speed
as dance mode work
I taught you to be there to teach you that
there very soon
more time
switch
but
automation
we are for transmission
not yet
added
by that
falling strict
yes this good has brought
pedals here and
compare
yes here now here this even like this
switch now and now let go
pressed let's say you're active clothes
load change abu
this is called including the abbreviation
both of you
you know let's see now which one
fixed on transfer over me on 4
up from the lowest revolutions from which
yes yes yes we can see when when
shorter start turns
atu flirt
mean about being shorter
get the bus changed and
tested
of course and so to speak
gap probed rage new first
the impression that the item has become
informative car became faster in all
ranges especially below
middle is good
at first glance, well, the most impressions
the main impression is not measured in
numbers
It is emotional sensations that are like
forgiveness of joys she appeared part
Basically, we don’t drive on numbers
riding horses and until we get
pleasure, such as
the gas pedal is working days
measure it can not be just to whom
like
if we still like it
hotel thank you for choosing ours
ivan thank you your little addition to
our car is just the owner
said a few words now I will say the car
According to the previous owner was
Chekhov look here look look means
Now I show scientists machine did not
how does this chip tuning
so this box communicates with
car can be air droplets
and maybe
orally some way here
please sell this to a friend
everything